Add more information about manageSystem permission (#549)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/user-management/permissions.adoc

|manageUsers |Allows creating and managing users.
|===

> All system permissions will be granted to the admin user configured with CHE_SYSTEM_ADMIN__NAME property (default `admin`).

Reviewer: to the user configured

|manageUsers |Allows creating and managing users.
|===

> All system permissions will be granted to the admin user configured with CHE_SYSTEM_ADMIN__NAME property (default `admin`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All system permissions will be granted to the administration user configured with the pass:[`CHE_SYSTEM_ADMIN__NAME`] property (the default is `admin`).
```

> This will happen at Che Server start, or if he is not present in Che user database, after his first login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This happens at Che Server start. If the user is not present in the Che user database, it happens after the user's login.
```

[id="manage-system-permission"]
== manageSystem permission

> Users with `manageSystem` persmission will have access to the following services:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users with the `manageSystem` permission have access to the following services:
```

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Path | HTTP Method | Description

> |/resource/free/ |GET | Get free resource limits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/resource/free/` |GET | Get free resource limits
```

> |/resource/free/{accountId} |GET | Get free resource limits for given account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/resource/free/{accountId}` |GET | Get free resource limits for given account
```

> |/resource/free/{accountId} |POST | Edit free resource limit for given account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/resource/free/{accountId}` |POST | Edit free resource limit for given account
```

> |/resource/free/{accountId} |DELETE | Remove free resource limit for given account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/resource/free/{accountId}` |DELETE | Remove free resource limit for given account
```

> |/installer/ |POST | Add installer to the registry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/installer/` |POST | Add installer to the registry
```

> |/installer/{key} |PUT | Update installer in the registry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/installer/{key}` |PUT | Update installer in the registry
```

> |/installer/{key} |DELETE | Remove installer from the registry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/installer/{key}` |DELETE | Remove installer from the registry
```

> |/logger/ |GET | Get logging configurations in Che Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/logger/` |GET | Get logging configurations in Che Server
```

> |/logger/{name}|GET | Get configurations of logger by it's name in Che Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/logger/{name}` |GET | Get configurations of logger by its name in Che Server
```

> |/logger/{name}|PUT | Create Logging in Che Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|/logger/{name}|PUT | Create logging in Che Server
```

> |/logger/{name}|POST | Edit Logging in Che Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/logger/{name}` |POST | Edit logging in Che Server
```

> |/resource/{accountId}/details |GET | Get detailed information about resources for given account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/resource/{accountId}/details` |GET | Get detailed information about resources for given account
```

> |/system/stop |POST | Shutdown all system services, prepare Che to stop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/system/stop` |POST | Shutdown all system services, prepare Che to stop
```

> |/stacks |All methods | All Stack service methods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/stacks` |All methods | All Stack service methods
```

|===

> A Super Privileged mode can be enabled to extend with additional services.

Reviewer 2: To extend what?

```suggestion
A super-privileged mode can be enabled to extend with additional services.
```

Author: A super-privileged mode enables `manageSystem` permission with access to additional services.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the clarification. I suggest to use:

```suggestion
Super-privileged mode can be enabled, which in turn enables the `manageSystem` permission with access to additional services.
```

> To enable it, configure environment variable `CHE_SYSTEM_SUPER_PRIVILEGED_MODE=true` in the `che.env` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable it, configure the `CHE_SYSTEM_SUPER_PRIVILEGED_MODE=true` environment variable in the `che.env` file.
```

> List of services that will be enabled for users with `manageSystems` permissions and Super Priviliged Mode on:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of services that are enabled for users with `manageSystems` permissions and with super-privileged mode on:

```

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Path | HTTP Method | Description

> |/workspace/namespace/{namespace:.*} |GET |Get all workspaces for given namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/workspace/namespace/{namespace:.*}` |GET |Get all workspaces for given namespace.
```

> |/workspace/{id} |DELETE |Stop workspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/workspace/{id}` |DELETE |Stop workspace
```

> |/workspace/{key:.*} |GET | Get workspace by key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/workspace/{key:.*}` |GET | Get workspace by key
```

> |/organization/resource/{suborganizationId}/cap |GET |Get resource cap for given organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/organization/resource/{suborganizationId}/cap` |GET |Get resource cap for given organization
```

> |/organization/resource/{suborganizationId}/cap |POST |Set resource cap for given organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/organization/resource/{suborganizationId}/cap` |POST |Set resource cap for given organization
```

> |/organization/{parent}/organizations |GET | Get child organizations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/organization/{parent}/organizations` |GET | Get child organizations
```

> |/organization |GET | Get user's organizations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`/organization` |GET | Get user's organizations
```

|===

[id="super-priviliged-mode"]
== manageSystem permission

> User with `manageSystem` are able to perform various admin operations.

Reviewer: A user with `manageSystem` permission

Author: rewrote that part

> On Start, Che will grant this permission to the admin user, with default name `admin`.

Reviewer: On che-master start or after the first login, this permission will be granted to the person configured with ```CHE_SYSTEM_ADMIN__NAME``` property.

Author: rewrote that part

This can be reconfigured with defining `CHE_SYSTEM_ADMIN__NAME` property, that will point to the desired name of admin user.
Permission will be added to user as soon as he is persisted in Che Database (during his first login).

Users with `manageSystem` persmission will have access to the following services:

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Path | HTTP Method | Description
|/resource/free/{accountId} |DELETE | Remove free resource limit for given account
|/installer |PUT |Stop workspace

> |/logger/{name}|POST | Add new logger

Reviewer: More info about logger. What, why, how?

Author: fixed
